# Exhaustive Code Synthesis
Query `Analyze cluster stability across multiple runs.`
## Script Variables
- this_centroid:<br>
>This variable is a list of the centroids of the clusters generated by the BIRCH algorithm. It
- centroids:<br>
>Centroids are the points in the dataset that are considered to be the most representative of the data.
- zip:<br>
>It is a function that creates a list of tuples from a list of lists.
- info:<br>
>Variable info is a variable that is used to describe the role and significance of a variable within a
- birch_model:<br>
>Birch is a clustering algorithm that is used to cluster data points based on their similarity. It is
- colors_:<br>
>Colors_ is a list of colors used to color the points in the scatter plot. It is a
- k:<br>
>k is the number of clusters in the dataset. It is used to determine the number of centroids that
- mask:<br>
>The variable mask is a list of boolean values that represent the membership of each data point in a particular
- labels:<br>
>The variable labels are the labels assigned to each data point by the Birch model. The Birch model is
- print:<br>
>print() is a python function that prints the output to the console. It is used to display the
- fig:<br>
>fig is a matplotlib figure object which is used to create a plot. The figure object is used to
- np:<br>
>np is a python library that provides a large collection of mathematical functions for scientific computing. It is used
- X:<br>
>X is a matrix containing the data points. It is used to train the MiniBatchKMeans algorithm
- ax:<br>
>The variable ax is a matplotlib axis object. It is used to plot the data points in the figure
- col:<br>
>col is a color that is used to represent the different clusters. It is used to color the points
- ind:<br>
>ind is a variable that is used to iterate through the different subplots that are created in the script
- range:<br>
>X, y = make_data(random_state, n_samples_per_center, grid_size, scale)
- n_clusters:<br>
>It is a variable that represents the number of clusters in the data set. It is used to determine
- n_samples_per_center:<br>
>It is a variable that represents the number of samples per cluster. It is used to determine the number
- grid_size:<br>
>It is a variable that is used to create a grid of points that are used to create the data
- scale:<br>
>scale is a constant used to control the size of the clusters. It is used to determine the number
- random_state:<br>
>It is a random number generator that is used to generate random numbers for the KMeans algorithm. The
- make_data:<br>
>make_data is a function that generates a dataset for k-means clustering. It takes in the number
- y:<br>
>The variable y is a list of lists. Each sublist contains the coordinates of a point in a
- i:<br>
>i is the number of clusters that the k-means++ algorithm will try to find. It is
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_kmeans_stability_low_dim_dense.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Empirical evaluation of the impact of k-means initialization  Evaluate the ability of k-means initializations strategies to make the
algorithm convergence robust, as measured by the relative standard deviation of the inertia of the clustering (i.e. the sum of squared distances to
the nearest cluster center).  The first plot shows the best inertia reached for each combination of the model (``KMeans`` or ``MiniBatchKMeans``), and
the init method (``init="random"`` or ``init="k-means++"``) for increasing values of the ``n_init`` parameter that controls the number of
initializations.  The second plot demonstrates one single run of the ``MiniBatchKMeans`` estimator using a ``init="random"`` and ``n_init=1``. This
run leads to a bad convergence (local optimum), with estimated centers stuck between ground truth clusters.  The dataset used for evaluation is a 2D
grid of isotropic Gaussian clusters widely spaced.  COMMENT:
```python
def make_data(random_state, n_samples_per_center, grid_size, scale):    random_state = check_random_state(random_state)    centers = np.array([[i, j] for i in range(grid_size) for j in range(grid_size)])    n_clusters_true, n_features = centers.shape    noise = random_state.normal(        scale=scale, size=(n_samples_per_center, centers.shape[1])    )    X = np.concatenate([c + noise for c in centers])    y = np.concatenate([[i] * n_samples_per_center for i in range(n_clusters_true)])    return shuffle(X, y, random_state=random_state)
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_birch_vs_minibatchkmeans.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Compare BIRCH and MiniBatchKMeans  This example compares the timing of BIRCH (with and without the global clustering step) and
MiniBatchKMeans on a synthetic dataset having 25,000 samples and 2 features generated using make_blobs.  Both ``MiniBatchKMeans`` and ``BIRCH`` are
very scalable algorithms and could run efficiently on hundreds of thousands or even millions of datapoints. We chose to limit the dataset size of this
example in the interest of keeping our Continuous Integration resource usage reasonable but the interested reader might enjoy editing this script to
rerun it with a larger value for `n_samples`.  If ``n_clusters`` is set to None, the data is reduced from 25,000 samples to a set of 158 clusters.
This can be viewed as a preprocessing step before the final (global) clustering step that further reduces these 158 clusters to 100 clusters.
COMMENT: Plot result
```python
    labels = birch_model.labels_
    centroids = birch_model.subcluster_centers_
    n_clusters = np.unique(labels).size
    print("n_clusters : %d" % n_clusters)
    ax = fig.add_subplot(1, 3, ind + 1)
    for this_centroid, k, col in zip(centroids, range(n_clusters), colors_):
        mask = labels == k
        ax.scatter(X[mask, 0], X[mask, 1], c="w", edgecolor=col, marker=".", alpha=0.5)
        if birch_model.n_clusters is None:
            ax.scatter(this_centroid[0], this_centroid[1], marker="+", c="k", s=25)
    ax.set_ylim([-25, 25])
    ax.set_xlim([-25, 25])
    ax.set_autoscaley_on(False)
    ax.set_title("BIRCH %s" % info)
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
def make_data(random_state, n_samples_per_center, grid_size, scale):    random_state = check_random_state(random_state)    centers = np.array([[i, j] for i in range(grid_size) for j in range(grid_size)])    n_clusters_true, n_features = centers.shape    noise = random_state.normal(        scale=scale, size=(n_samples_per_center, centers.shape[1])    )    X = np.concatenate([c + noise for c in centers])    y = np.concatenate([[i] * n_samples_per_center for i in range(n_clusters_true)])    return shuffle(X, y, random_state=random_state)
    labels = birch_model.labels_
    centroids = birch_model.subcluster_centers_
    n_clusters = np.unique(labels).size
    print("n_clusters : %d" % n_clusters)
    ax = fig.add_subplot(1, 3, ind + 1)
    for this_centroid, k, col in zip(centroids, range(n_clusters), colors_):
        mask = labels == k
        ax.scatter(X[mask, 0], X[mask, 1], c="w", edgecolor=col, marker=".", alpha=0.5)
        if birch_model.n_clusters is None:
            ax.scatter(this_centroid[0], this_centroid[1], marker="+", c="k", s=25)
    ax.set_ylim([-25, 25])
    ax.set_xlim([-25, 25])
    ax.set_autoscaley_on(False)
    ax.set_title("BIRCH %s" % info)
```
