# Exhaustive Code Synthesis
Query `Run out‑of‑core classification on large dataset.`
## Script Variables
- step:<br>
>Step is the number of features that are used in the Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) algorithm
- X_test:<br>
>X_test is a test dataset that is used to evaluate the performance of the model. It is created
- y_test:<br>
>The variable y_test is a list of labels that represent the actual class of the test samples. It
- X_train:<br>
>X_train is a 2D numpy array of shape (n_samples, n_features) where n
- train_test_split:<br>
>The train_test_split function is used to split the dataset into training and testing sets. The training set
- y:<br>
>The variable y is a numpy array of shape (n_samples,) containing the labels of the samples.
- y_train:<br>
>It is a vector of labels that indicate the class of each sample in the training set.
- X:<br>
>X is a 2D array containing the data points. It is used to plot the data points
- make_classification:<br>
>The make_classification function is used to generate a classification dataset. It takes in a number of parameters such
- plt:<br>
>plt is a module in Python that is used for creating plots. It is a part of the Python
- MiniBatchKMeans:<br>
>MiniBatchKMeans is a clustering algorithm that uses a mini-batch gradient descent algorithm to find the
- this_centroid:<br>
>This variable is a list of the centroids of the clusters generated by the BIRCH algorithm. It
- zip:<br>
>It is a function that creates a list of tuples from a list of lists.
- colors_:<br>
>Colors_ is a list of colors used to color the points in the scatter plot. It is a
- k:<br>
>k is the number of clusters in the dataset. It is used to determine the number of centroids that
- mask:<br>
>The variable mask is a list of boolean values that represent the membership of each data point in a particular
- print:<br>
>print() is a python function that prints the output to the console. It is used to display the
- fig:<br>
>fig is a matplotlib figure object which is used to create a plot. The figure object is used to
- np:<br>
>np is a python library that provides a large number of mathematical functions and data structures. It is used
- ax:<br>
>The variable ax is a matplotlib axis object. It is used to plot the data points in the figure
- col:<br>
>col is a color that is used to represent the different clusters. It is used to color the points
- cpu_count:<br>
>The variable cpu_count is a Python function that returns the number of CPUs available on the system. It
- t_mini_batch:<br>
>t_mini_batch is a variable that is used to measure the time taken by the MiniBatchKMeans
- t0:<br>
>t0 is a variable that stores the time when the MiniBatchKMeans() function is executed.
- mbk_means_labels_unique:<br>
>The variable mbk_means_labels_unique is a unique list of labels that are assigned to each data point
- range:<br>
>The variable range is the range of values that a variable can take on. In this case, the
- n_clusters:<br>
>It is a variable that represents the number of clusters in the data set. It is used to determine
- time:<br>
>The variable time is used to measure the time taken by the script to execute the Birch model. It
- mbk:<br>
>MiniBatchKMeans is a clustering algorithm that uses mini-batches to perform k-means clustering.
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/feature_selection/plot_feature_selection_pipeline.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Pipeline ANOVA SVM  This example shows how a feature selection can be easily integrated within a machine learning pipeline.  We also show
that you can easily inspect part of the pipeline.  COMMENT: Authors: The scikit-learn developers SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
```python
from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
X, y = make_classification(
    n_features=20,
    n_informative=3,
    n_redundant=0,
    n_classes=2,
    n_clusters_per_class=2,
    random_state=42,
)
X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=42)
```

### notebooks/dataset2/classification/plot_lda.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Normal, Ledoit-Wolf and OAS Linear Discriminant Analysis for classification  This example illustrates how the Ledoit-Wolf and Oracle
Approximating Shrinkage (OAS) estimators of covariance can improve classification.  COMMENT: step size for the calculation
```python
step = 4
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_birch_vs_minibatchkmeans.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Compare BIRCH and MiniBatchKMeans  This example compares the timing of BIRCH (with and without the global clustering step) and
MiniBatchKMeans on a synthetic dataset having 25,000 samples and 2 features generated using make_blobs.  Both ``MiniBatchKMeans`` and ``BIRCH`` are
very scalable algorithms and could run efficiently on hundreds of thousands or even millions of datapoints. We chose to limit the dataset size of this
example in the interest of keeping our Continuous Integration resource usage reasonable but the interested reader might enjoy editing this script to
rerun it with a larger value for `n_samples`.  If ``n_clusters`` is set to None, the data is reduced from 25,000 samples to a set of 158 clusters.
This can be viewed as a preprocessing step before the final (global) clustering step that further reduces these 158 clusters to 100 clusters.
COMMENT: Compute clustering with MiniBatchKMeans.
```python
mbk = MiniBatchKMeans(
    init="k-means++",
    n_clusters=100,
    batch_size=256 * cpu_count(),
    n_init=10,
    max_no_improvement=10,
    verbose=0,
    random_state=0,
)
t0 = time()
mbk.fit(X)
t_mini_batch = time() - t0
print("Time taken to run MiniBatchKMeans %0.2f seconds" % t_mini_batch)
mbk_means_labels_unique = np.unique(mbk.labels_)
ax = fig.add_subplot(1, 3, 3)
for this_centroid, k, col in zip(mbk.cluster_centers_, range(n_clusters), colors_):
    mask = mbk.labels_ == k
    ax.scatter(X[mask, 0], X[mask, 1], marker=".", c="w", edgecolor=col, alpha=0.5)
    ax.scatter(this_centroid[0], this_centroid[1], marker="+", c="k", s=25)
ax.set_xlim([-25, 25])
ax.set_ylim([-25, 25])
ax.set_title("MiniBatchKMeans")
ax.set_autoscaley_on(False)
plt.show()
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
X, y = make_classification(
    n_features=20,
    n_informative=3,
    n_redundant=0,
    n_classes=2,
    n_clusters_per_class=2,
    random_state=42,
)
X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=42)
step = 4
mbk = MiniBatchKMeans(
    init="k-means++",
    n_clusters=100,
    batch_size=256 * cpu_count(),
    n_init=10,
    max_no_improvement=10,
    verbose=0,
    random_state=0,
)
t0 = time()
mbk.fit(X)
t_mini_batch = time() - t0
print("Time taken to run MiniBatchKMeans %0.2f seconds" % t_mini_batch)
mbk_means_labels_unique = np.unique(mbk.labels_)
ax = fig.add_subplot(1, 3, 3)
for this_centroid, k, col in zip(mbk.cluster_centers_, range(n_clusters), colors_):
    mask = mbk.labels_ == k
    ax.scatter(X[mask, 0], X[mask, 1], marker=".", c="w", edgecolor=col, alpha=0.5)
    ax.scatter(this_centroid[0], this_centroid[1], marker="+", c="k", s=25)
ax.set_xlim([-25, 25])
ax.set_ylim([-25, 25])
ax.set_title("MiniBatchKMeans")
ax.set_autoscaley_on(False)
plt.show()
```
