# Exhaustive Code Synthesis
Query `Plot cross-decomposition results for two datasets.`
## Script Variables
- np:<br>
>The variable np is a Python package that provides a large collection of mathematical functions and data structures. It
- n:<br>
>n is an integer value that represents the number of samples in the dataset.
- X:<br>
>X is a matrix containing the input data for the PLS regression model.
- PLSRegression:<br>
>PLSRegression is a regression model that uses principal component analysis to reduce the dimensionality of the data
- p:<br>
>It is a random number generated by the numpy library. It is used to create a matrix X which
- B:<br>
>B is a matrix of size n x q, where n is the number of samples and q is
- q:<br>
>Variable q is a 3x10 matrix which represents the coefficients of the regression model. It is
- img:<br>
>The variable img is a 2D numpy array that represents an image. It is used to extract
- label_im:<br>
>Label_im is a 2D numpy array that represents the labels of each pixel in the image.
- float:<br>
>Float is a floating point number that is represented in binary form. It is a number that can be
- bool:<br>
>The variable bool is a Python data type that represents a boolean value, which is either True or False
- mask:<br>
>The mask variable is used to indicate which pixels in the image should be considered for the clustering algorithm.
- axs:<br>
>axs is a variable that is used to create a figure with two subplots. The first subplot
- circle1:<br>
>The circle1 variable is a numpy array that represents a circle with a radius of 1.0
- circle2:<br>
>The variable circle2 is a circle with a radius of 1.5 and a center point of
- fig:<br>
>fig is a figure object that is used to display the image and label image. It is created using
- labels:<br>
>labels
- image:<br>
>The variable image is a 2D array that represents the input image. It is used to create
- graph:<br>
>The variable graph is a function that takes an image and a mask as input and returns a graph representation
- spectral_clustering:<br>
>Spectral clustering is a clustering algorithm that uses the eigenvectors of the graph Laplacian to
- plt:<br>
>plt is a python library that is used to create plots in python. It is a high-level library
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/cross_decomposition/plot_compare_cross_decomposition.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Scatter plot of scores   COMMENT: Off diagonal plot components 1 vs 2 for X and Y
```python
from sklearn.cross_decomposition import PLSRegression
n = 1000
q = 3
p = 10
X = np.random.normal(size=n * p).reshape((n, p))
B = np.array([[1, 2] + [0] * (p - 2)] * q).T
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_segmentation_toy.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Plotting two circles Here we repeat the above process but only consider the first two circles we generated. Note that this results in a
cleaner separation between the circles as the region sizes are easier to balance in this case.   COMMENT:
```python
img = circle1 + circle2
mask = img.astype(bool)
img = img.astype(float)
img += 1 + 0.2 * np.random.randn(*img.shape)
graph = image.img_to_graph(img, mask=mask)
graph.data = np.exp(-graph.data / graph.data.std())
labels = spectral_clustering(graph, n_clusters=2, eigen_solver="arpack")
label_im = np.full(mask.shape, -1.0)
label_im[mask] = labels
fig, axs = plt.subplots(nrows=1, ncols=2, figsize=(10, 5))
axs[0].matshow(img)
axs[1].matshow(label_im)
plt.show()
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
from sklearn.cross_decomposition import PLSRegression
n = 1000
q = 3
p = 10
X = np.random.normal(size=n * p).reshape((n, p))
B = np.array([[1, 2] + [0] * (p - 2)] * q).T
img = circle1 + circle2
mask = img.astype(bool)
img = img.astype(float)
img += 1 + 0.2 * np.random.randn(*img.shape)
graph = image.img_to_graph(img, mask=mask)
graph.data = np.exp(-graph.data / graph.data.std())
labels = spectral_clustering(graph, n_clusters=2, eigen_solver="arpack")
label_im = np.full(mask.shape, -1.0)
label_im[mask] = labels
fig, axs = plt.subplots(nrows=1, ncols=2, figsize=(10, 5))
axs[0].matshow(img)
axs[1].matshow(label_im)
plt.show()
```
