# Embedding Code Synthesis
Query `Compare structured vs unstructured Ward clustering.`
## Script Variables
- time:<br>
>The variable time is a built-in function in Python that returns the current time in seconds since the epoch
- X:<br>
>X is a numpy array of size (n_samples, size**2) where n_samples is the
- noise:<br>
>Noise is a random variable that is added to the data points during the generation of the dataset. It
- n_samples:<br>
>It is the number of samples that are generated by the make_swiss_roll function. This variable is
- _:<br>
>The variable _ is a placeholder for the output of the function make_swiss_roll(), which generates a
- make_swiss_roll:<br>
>The make_swiss_roll function generates a dataset with 1500 samples and 3 features. The
- clf:<br>
>It is a pipeline which contains two stages. The first stage is the anova which is a selector
- cv:<br>
>cv is a variable that is used to split the data into training and testing sets. It is a
- GridSearchCV:<br>
>GridSearchCV is a class in the scikit-learn library that performs a grid search over a
- coef_agglomeration_:<br>
>Coef_agglomeration_ is a 2D numpy array that represents the distance between each
- size:<br>
>The variable size is used to store the size of the image in bytes. It is used to determine
- y:<br>
>The variable y is a 2D array of shape (n_samples, n_features) containing the
- coef_:<br>
>The coef_ variable is a 2D numpy array that stores the coefficients of the linear model.
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_ward_structured_vs_unstructured.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Hierarchical clustering: structured vs unstructured ward  Example builds a swiss roll dataset and runs hierarchical clustering on their
position.  For more information, see `hierarchical_clustering`.  In a first step, the hierarchical clustering is performed without connectivity
constraints on the structure and is solely based on distance, whereas in a second step the clustering is restricted to the k-Nearest Neighbors graph:
it's a hierarchical clustering with structure prior.  Some of the clusters learned without connectivity constraints do not respect the structure of
the swiss roll and extend across different folds of the manifolds. On the opposite, when opposing connectivity constraints, the clusters form a nice
parcellation of the swiss roll.  COMMENT: Authors: The scikit-learn developers SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
```python
import time as time
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_ward_structured_vs_unstructured.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Generate data  We start by generating the Swiss Roll dataset.   COMMENT:
```python
from sklearn.datasets import make_swiss_roll
n_samples = 1500
noise = 0.05
X, _ = make_swiss_roll(n_samples, noise=noise)
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_feature_agglomeration_vs_univariate_selection.ipynb
CONTEXT: Ward agglomeration followed by BayesianRidge   COMMENT: Select the optimal number of parcels with grid search
```python
clf = GridSearchCV(clf, {"ward__n_clusters": [10, 20, 30]}, n_jobs=1, cv=cv)
clf.fit(X, y)

coef_ = clf.best_estimator_.steps[-1][1].coef_
coef_ = clf.best_estimator_.steps[0][1].inverse_transform(coef_)
coef_agglomeration_ = coef_.reshape(size, size)
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
import time as time
from sklearn.datasets import make_swiss_roll
n_samples = 1500
noise = 0.05
X, _ = make_swiss_roll(n_samples, noise=noise)
clf = GridSearchCV(clf, {"ward__n_clusters": [10, 20, 30]}, n_jobs=1, cv=cv)
clf.fit(X, y)

coef_ = clf.best_estimator_.steps[-1][1].coef_
coef_ = clf.best_estimator_.steps[0][1].inverse_transform(coef_)
coef_agglomeration_ = coef_.reshape(size, size)
```
