# Random Code Synthesis
Query `Explore cluster over‑segmentation effects.`
## Script Variables
- n_features:<br>
>n_features is a variable that represents the number of features to be used in the model. It is
- load_iris:<br>
>The load_iris function is a built-in function in Python's scikit-learn library that loads
- StandardScaler:<br>
>StandardScaler is a class that is used to scale the features of a dataset to a standard normal distribution
- X:<br>
>X is a 2x1500 matrix. It is the concatenation of two columns, x
- data:<br>
>The variable data is a dataset containing information about the Iris flowers. It consists of 4 columns
- feature_names:<br>
>Feature names are the names of the features that are used to create the PCA or FA model. These
- n_samples:<br>
>n_samples is a variable that represents the number of samples in the dataset. It is used to generate
- np:<br>
>It is a Python library that provides a high-performance multidimensional array object, and tools for working with
- y:<br>
>The variable y is a random variable that is generated by the script. It is used to represent the
- t:<br>
>t is a variable that represents the angle of the sine and cosine functions in the script. It is
- x:<br>
>The variable x is a 2D array of size 1500 x 2. It is
- faces:<br>
>The faces variable is a numpy array that contains the faces of the Olivetti faces dataset. It has
- decomposition:<br>
>PCA is a dimensionality reduction technique that uses an orthogonal transformation to convert a set of observations of possibly
- n_components:<br>
>The number of components in the dictionary. If n_components is not specified, the dictionary will be of
- plot_gallery:<br>
>plot_gallery is a function that takes in two arguments, the first argument is the name of the
- nmf_estimator:<br>
>nmf_estimator is a class that implements the non-negative matrix factorization algorithm. It is used to
- model:<br>
>The variable model is a clustering algorithm that is used to group similar data points together. It is a
- plot_dendrogram:<br>
>The plot_dendrogram() function is used to plot a dendrogram of the given model. It
- plt:<br>
>plt is a variable that is used to plot the dendrogram. The variable is used to create a
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/covariance_estimation/plot_lw_vs_oas.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Ledoit-Wolf vs OAS estimation  The usual covariance maximum likelihood estimate can be regularized using shrinkage. Ledoit and Wolf
proposed a close formula to compute the asymptotically optimal shrinkage parameter (minimizing a MSE criterion), yielding the Ledoit-Wolf covariance
estimate.  Chen et al. proposed an improvement of the Ledoit-Wolf shrinkage parameter, the OAS coefficient, whose convergence is significantly better
under the assumption that the data are Gaussian.  This example, inspired from Chen's publication [1], shows a comparison of the estimated MSE of the
LW and OAS methods, using Gaussian distributed data.  [1] "Shrinkage Algorithms for MMSE Covariance Estimation" Chen et al., IEEE Trans. on Sign.
Proc., Volume 58, Issue 10, October 2010.  COMMENT:
```python
n_features = 100
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_agglomerative_clustering.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Agglomerative clustering with and without structure  This example shows the effect of imposing a connectivity graph to capture local
structure in the data. The graph is simply the graph of 20 nearest neighbors.  There are two advantages of imposing a connectivity. First, clustering
with sparse connectivity matrices is faster in general.  Second, when using a connectivity matrix, single, average and complete linkage are unstable
and tend to create a few clusters that grow very quickly. Indeed, average and complete linkage fight this percolation behavior by considering all the
distances between two clusters when merging them ( while single linkage exaggerates the behaviour by considering only the shortest distance between
clusters). The connectivity graph breaks this mechanism for average and complete linkage, making them resemble the more brittle single linkage. This
effect is more pronounced for very sparse graphs (try decreasing the number of neighbors in kneighbors_graph) and with complete linkage. In
particular, having a very small number of neighbors in the graph, imposes a geometry that is close to that of single linkage, which is well known to
have this percolation instability.  COMMENT: Generate sample data
```python
n_samples = 1500
np.random.seed(0)
t = 1.5 * np.pi * (1 + 3 * np.random.rand(1, n_samples))
x = t * np.cos(t)
y = t * np.sin(t)
X = np.concatenate((x, y))
X += 0.7 * np.random.randn(2, n_samples)
X = X.T
```

### notebooks/dataset2/decomposition/plot_varimax_fa.ipynb
CONTEXT: Load Iris data   COMMENT:
```python
data = load_iris()
X = StandardScaler().fit_transform(data["data"])
feature_names = data["feature_names"]
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_agglomerative_dendrogram.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Plot Hierarchical Clustering Dendrogram This example plots the corresponding dendrogram of a hierarchical clustering using
AgglomerativeClustering and the dendrogram method available in scipy.  COMMENT: plot the top three levels of the dendrogram
```python
plot_dendrogram(model, truncate_mode="level", p=3)
plt.xlabel("Number of points in node (or index of point if no parenthesis).")
plt.show()
```

### notebooks/dataset2/decomposition/plot_faces_decomposition.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Non-negative components - NMF  Estimate non-negative original data as production of two non-negative matrices.   COMMENT:
```python
nmf_estimator = decomposition.NMF(n_components=n_components, tol=5e-3)
nmf_estimator.fit(faces)

plot_gallery("Non-negative components - NMF", nmf_estimator.components_[:n_components])
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
n_features = 100
n_samples = 1500
np.random.seed(0)
t = 1.5 * np.pi * (1 + 3 * np.random.rand(1, n_samples))
x = t * np.cos(t)
y = t * np.sin(t)
X = np.concatenate((x, y))
X += 0.7 * np.random.randn(2, n_samples)
X = X.T
data = load_iris()
X = StandardScaler().fit_transform(data["data"])
feature_names = data["feature_names"]
plot_dendrogram(model, truncate_mode="level", p=3)
plt.xlabel("Number of points in node (or index of point if no parenthesis).")
plt.show()
nmf_estimator = decomposition.NMF(n_components=n_components, tol=5e-3)
nmf_estimator.fit(faces)

plot_gallery("Non-negative components - NMF", nmf_estimator.components_[:n_components])
```
