# Random Code Synthesis
Query `Fit sparse inverse covariance matrix.`
## Script Variables
- plt:<br>
>plt is a python library that is used for plotting graphs. It is a part of the matplotlib library
- np:<br>
>np is a python library that provides a large set of mathematical functions and data structures. It is used
- n_features:<br>
>n_features is the number of features in the dataset. It is used to calculate the mean and covariance
- int:<br>
>The variable int is a Python integer data type that stores whole numbers. It is used to represent integers
- range_n_outliers:<br>
>It is a list of integers that represents the range of values for the number of outliers to be generated
- repeat:<br>
>repeat is a variable that is used to control the number of times the code is run. The code
- n_samples:<br>
>It is a random number generated by the random number generator (rng) which is a function of the
- gs:<br>
>gs is a 2D numpy array that is used to create a grid of subplots in a
- i:<br>
>The variable i is used to iterate through the list of classifiers. It is used to access the corresponding
- calibration_displays:<br>
>Calibration displays are used to evaluate the performance of a model in predicting the probability of a given outcome
- col:<br>
>col is the column of the grid that the subplot is placed in. It is used to create the
- fig:<br>
>fig is a variable that is used to store the figure object. It is used to create a plot
- name:<br>
>The variable name is 'clf' which is a classifier. It is used to fit the training data
- clf_list:<br>
>It is a list of tuples, where each tuple contains a classifier and its name. The list is
- enumerate:<br>
>The enumerate function is used to return the index of an iterable along with the value of the element.
- _:<br>
>It is a tuple that contains the row and column coordinates of the subplot where the histogram will be displayed
- ax:<br>
>The variable ax is a subplot object that is used to create a histogram of the y_prob values for
- colors:<br>
>Colors are used to represent different classes in the histogram. The colors are chosen randomly from a list of
- st:<br>
>st is a variable that stores the time taken to execute the AgglomerativeClustering algorithm. It
- connectivity:<br>
>The connectivity variable is a graph object that represents the connectivity between the nodes in the dataset. It is
- X:<br>
>X is a numpy array of shape (n_samples, n_features) where n_samples is the number
- print:<br>
>The variable print is used to print the output of the script. It is a built-in function in
- label:<br>
>The variable label is used to represent the different classes of data points in the 3D scatter plot
- time:<br>
>The variable time is a built-in function in Python that returns the current time in seconds since the epoch
- AgglomerativeClustering:<br>
>AgglomerativeClustering is a clustering algorithm that uses a bottom-up approach to create a hierarchy of
- elapsed_time:<br>
>Elapsed time is a variable that is used to measure the time taken by the script to run. It
- ward:<br>
>Ward is a clustering algorithm that uses a distance-based approach to identify groups of similar data points.
- title:<br>
>The variable title is a tuple of two elements. The first element is the variable name and the second
- LedoitWolf:<br>
>LedoitWolf is a class that implements the Ledoit-Wolf shrinkage estimator for covariance matrices.
- n_components_pca_mle:<br>
>The variable n_components_pca_mle is the number of components that maximizes the likelihood of the
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_coin_segmentation.ipynb
CONTEXT: Compute and visualize the resulting regions   COMMENT: To view individual segments as appear comment in plt.pause(0.5)
```python
plt.show()
```

### notebooks/dataset2/decomposition/plot_pca_vs_fa_model_selection.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Fit the models   COMMENT: compare with other covariance estimators
```python
    plt.axhline(
        shrunk_cov_score(X),
        color="violet",
        label="Shrunk Covariance MLE",
        linestyle="-.",
    )
    plt.axhline(
        lw_score(X),
        color="orange",
        label="LedoitWolf MLE" % n_components_pca_mle,
        linestyle="-.",
    )
    plt.xlabel("nb of components")
    plt.ylabel("CV scores")
    plt.legend(loc="lower right")
    plt.title(title)
plt.show()
```

### notebooks/dataset2/covariance_estimation/plot_robust_vs_empirical_covariance.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Robust vs Empirical covariance estimate  The usual covariance maximum likelihood estimate is very sensitive to the presence of outliers in
the data set. In such a case, it would be better to use a robust estimator of covariance to guarantee that the estimation is resistant to "erroneous"
observations in the data set. [1]_, [2]_   Minimum Covariance Determinant Estimator The Minimum Covariance Determinant estimator is a robust, high-
breakdown point (i.e. it can be used to estimate the covariance matrix of highly contaminated datasets, up to $\frac{n_\text{samples} -
n_\text{features}-1}{2}$ outliers) estimator of covariance. The idea is to find $\frac{n_\text{samples} + n_\text{features}+1}{2}$ observations whose
empirical covariance has the smallest determinant, yielding a "pure" subset of observations from which to compute standards estimates of location and
covariance. After a correction step aiming at compensating the fact that the estimates were learned from only a portion of the initial data, we end up
with robust estimates of the data set location and covariance.  The Minimum Covariance Determinant estimator (MCD) has been introduced by P.J.Rousseuw
in [3]_.   Evaluation In this example, we compare the estimation errors that are made when using various types of location and covariance estimates on
contaminated Gaussian distributed data sets:  - The mean and the empirical covariance of the full dataset, which break   down as soon as there are
outliers in the data set - The robust MCD, that has a low error provided   $n_\text{samples} > 5n_\text{features}$ - The mean and the empirical
covariance of the observations that are known   to be good ones. This can be considered as a "perfect" MCD estimation,   so one can trust our
implementation by comparing to this case.    References .. [1] Johanna Hardin, David M Rocke. The distribution of robust distances.     Journal of
Computational and Graphical Statistics. December 1, 2005,     14(4): 928-946. .. [2] Zoubir A., Koivunen V., Chakhchoukh Y. and Muma M. (2012). Robust
estimation in signal processing: A tutorial-style treatment of     fundamental concepts. IEEE Signal Processing Magazine 29(4), 61-80. .. [3] P. J.
Rousseeuw. Least median of squares regression. Journal of American     Statistical Ass., 79:871, 1984.  COMMENT: example settings
```python
n_samples = 80
n_features = 5
repeat = 10
range_n_outliers = np.concatenate(
    (
        np.linspace(0, n_samples / 8, 5),
        np.linspace(n_samples / 8, n_samples / 2, 5)[1:-1],
    )
).astype(int)
```

### notebooks/dataset2/clustering/plot_ward_structured_vs_unstructured.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Compute clustering  We perform AgglomerativeClustering again with connectivity constraints.   COMMENT:
```python
print("Compute structured hierarchical clustering...")
st = time.time()
ward = AgglomerativeClustering(
    n_clusters=6, connectivity=connectivity, linkage="ward"
).fit(X)
elapsed_time = time.time() - st
label = ward.labels_
print(f"Elapsed time: {elapsed_time:.2f}s")
print(f"Number of points: {label.size}")
```

### notebooks/dataset2/calibration/plot_compare_calibration.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Calibration curves  Below, we train each of the four models with the small training dataset, then plot calibration curves (also known as
reliability diagrams) using predicted probabilities of the test dataset. Calibration curves are created by binning predicted probabilities, then
plotting the mean predicted probability in each bin against the observed frequency ('fraction of positives'). Below the calibration curve, we plot a
histogram showing the distribution of the predicted probabilities or more specifically, the number of samples in each predicted probability bin.
COMMENT: Add histogram
```python
_ = [(2, 0), (2, 1), (3, 0), (3, 1)]
for i, (_, name) in enumerate(clf_list):
    _, col = _[i]
    ax = fig.add_subplot(gs[_, col])
    ax.hist(
        calibration_displays[name].y_prob,
        range=(0, 1),
        bins=10,
        label=name,
        color=colors(i),
    )
    ax.set(title=name, xlabel="Mean predicted probability", ylabel="Count")
plt.tight_layout()
plt.show()
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
plt.show()
    plt.axhline(
        shrunk_cov_score(X),
        color="violet",
        label="Shrunk Covariance MLE",
        linestyle="-.",
    )
    plt.axhline(
        lw_score(X),
        color="orange",
        label="LedoitWolf MLE" % n_components_pca_mle,
        linestyle="-.",
    )
    plt.xlabel("nb of components")
    plt.ylabel("CV scores")
    plt.legend(loc="lower right")
    plt.title(title)
plt.show()
n_samples = 80
n_features = 5
repeat = 10
range_n_outliers = np.concatenate(
    (
        np.linspace(0, n_samples / 8, 5),
        np.linspace(n_samples / 8, n_samples / 2, 5)[1:-1],
    )
).astype(int)
print("Compute structured hierarchical clustering...")
st = time.time()
ward = AgglomerativeClustering(
    n_clusters=6, connectivity=connectivity, linkage="ward"
).fit(X)
elapsed_time = time.time() - st
label = ward.labels_
print(f"Elapsed time: {elapsed_time:.2f}s")
print(f"Number of points: {label.size}")
_ = [(2, 0), (2, 1), (3, 0), (3, 1)]
for i, (_, name) in enumerate(clf_list):
    _, col = _[i]
    ax = fig.add_subplot(gs[_, col])
    ax.hist(
        calibration_displays[name].y_prob,
        range=(0, 1),
        bins=10,
        label=name,
        color=colors(i),
    )
    ax.set(title=name, xlabel="Mean predicted probability", ylabel="Count")
plt.tight_layout()
plt.show()
```
