# String Code Synthesis
Query `Plot cross-decomposition results for two datasets.`
## Script Variables
- np:<br>
>np is a python library that provides a large number of mathematical functions and data structures. It is a
- n:<br>
>n is an integer value that represents the number of samples in the dataset.
- X:<br>
>X is a matrix containing the input data for the PLS regression model.
- PLSRegression:<br>
>PLSRegression is a regression model that uses principal component analysis to reduce the dimensionality of the data
- p:<br>
>It is a random number generated by the numpy library. It is used to create a matrix X which
- B:<br>
>B is a matrix of size n x q, where n is the number of samples and q is
- q:<br>
>Variable q is a 3x10 matrix which represents the coefficients of the regression model. It is
## Synthesis Blocks
### notebooks/dataset2/cross_decomposition/plot_compare_cross_decomposition.ipynb
CONTEXT:  Scatter plot of scores   COMMENT: Off diagonal plot components 1 vs 2 for X and Y
```python
from sklearn.cross_decomposition import PLSRegression
n = 1000
q = 3
p = 10
X = np.random.normal(size=n * p).reshape((n, p))
B = np.array([[1, 2] + [0] * (p - 2)] * q).T
```

### notebooks/dataset2/cross_decomposition/plot_compare_cross_decomposition.ipynb
CONTEXT:   Compare cross decomposition methods  Simple usage of various cross decomposition algorithms:  - PLSCanonical - PLSRegression, with
multivariate response, a.k.a. PLS2 - PLSRegression, with univariate response, a.k.a. PLS1 - CCA  Given 2 multivariate covarying two-dimensional
datasets, X, and Y, PLS extracts the 'directions of covariance', i.e. the components of each datasets that explain the most shared variance between
both datasets. This is apparent on the **scatterplot matrix** display: components 1 in dataset X and dataset Y are maximally correlated (points lie
around the first diagonal). This is also true for components 2 in both dataset, however, the correlation across datasets for different components is
weak: the point cloud is very spherical.  COMMENT: Authors: The scikit-learn developers SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
```python
import numpy as np
n = 500
```

## Code Concatenation
```python
from sklearn.cross_decomposition import PLSRegression
n = 1000
q = 3
p = 10
X = np.random.normal(size=n * p).reshape((n, p))
B = np.array([[1, 2] + [0] * (p - 2)] * q).T
import numpy as np
n = 500
```
